<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
    <head>
        <meta charset="utf-8">
        <title>New Webpage</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Serra's Super Secret Tips on Surviving Middle School</h1>
        <h2>Table of Contents</h2>
        <ul>
            <li>About Me!</li> 
            <li>What is this Website?</li>
            <li>Locker Combinations and Schedules</li>
            <li>Gym Class</li>
            <li>Making New Friends</li>
            <li>New Teachers</li>
        </ul>
        <h3>About Me!</h3>
        <p>I am just your average eigth grade student. I'm a Gemini (incase you're wondering) and I enjoy many things. Including soccer, art, math and believe it or not. School (well, somtimes). My favortie subjects in school are math and language arts. I like to think that I am a good student. But my most favorite class of all is photography. I love capturing memories and beauty. It is also fun to develop the photos using the dark room. The whole chemical process is just so fun and relaxing. Anyways, this website is all of my secret tips on how I survived middle school. Well, how I've survived it this far. As I am writing this, it is February 21, 2019; 12:37 pm. I am in seventh period, which is my crack the code class. Not that any of that is relevent. I think these tips could be pretty useful, so please, keep reading and enjoy! -Serra <3</p> 
        <h4>What is this Website?<h4>
             <p>This website is to help all of you incoming middle schoolers in surviving middle school. Now, it may seem tough now, but trust me. Looks can be deceiving. These years ahead are going to be fun! I am here to help you make the most of it. How? Well, I will give you tips, tricks and advice! Hope you enjoy and I wish you the best of luck!!! </p>
            <h5>Locker Combinations and Schedules</h4>
            </p>For all grade levels make sure you write down your combination to your gym and regular locker somewhere safe. Especially in the beginning of the year, that way you always have it incase you need it. If you are in sixth grade, it may seem hard to remember two very important things, but it gets easier. Say the combo out loud, it helps you remember it easier. Or you could write it on your wrists with marker. But make sure not to get too attached to your combinations, because if your school is anything like mine, then you will get a new combination each year. Seventh and eigth graders might be able to tell you if that statement is true. Seventh and eigth graders, those trips aren't just for the sixth garders! You can use them as well. <br> <br> 
            All three years of middle school, I have written my combo on something I always have everyday. My shoes! Now, you are probably thinking "does she really bring the same pair of shoes everywhere?," and the answer is yes. Yes I do. I wear the same pair of shoes everyday and I'll tell you why in the "Gym Class" section. So go there after reading this for more information.<br> <br> 
            Nextly, never share your combinations with ANYONE! Not even your family. You never know what will happen if you share the combos with someone. Just keep it to yourself. <br> <br> Schedules! Let's move onto talking about your schedule. You should receive a printed schedule in homeroom. Look at the first trimester (don't worry about the second or third until later). Go through your classes and teachers. The order you have them and in what room, for how long. Everything you need to know is on that sheet. The time classes go till and where to find them. Now, compare with people near you to see if you will have any familiar faces in any of your classes. <br> <br> 
            Once the bell rings, go to your first class. After that, you are not allowed to leave class until you teacher dismisses you. Then, move onto your next period. What's that? You have science next? In room 213? Then go there!<br> <br> 
            You have 3 minutes to get to your next class. But, wait! No need to run. You will get there in time and teachers will be understanding if you are late on the first day. It's tough, I get it. I was a middle school student once too. After that class, follow your schedule accordingly until you get to the end of the day (my personal favorite part of the day). <br> <br> 
            One last thing, you will not have your teacher line you up in a straight line alphabetically to the next class. Instead, you will be walking there yourself or with a friend that is going to the same place or somewhere near that area. Do not just stand and talk to your friends during passing period, then you'll be late! Now, I'm not trying to say don't talk to anybody, I'm saying, don't do it if you know you are going late. </p>
        <h6>Gym Class</h6>
        <p> I'm now going to help you survive the much dreaded...gym class! You are not alone if you are nervous for changing. I was too. I didn't want to change infront of my peers and if it wasn't bad enough learning one combo. I have to remember another? <br> <br>
            If you are thinking like this, then you are thinking all wrong. I know I say this a lot, but it is not as scary as it seems. You only change infront of someone of the same gender. And if you are worried about learning another combo, take the same steps you took to learn the first one. <br> <br>
            As for your uniform, make sure to wash it once a week. So bring it home on Fridays and back on Monday. Don't forget it at home, or else you have to use the rental. Make sure you have your hair tied back, ladies and wear gym shoes of course! <br> <br>
            I have some suggestions for you to help make your gym class experience successful. First thing, keep an extra pair of gym shoes in your locker. This is incase you forget to wear your pair to school that day, or you just want to wear different shoes. Nextly, for girls, I suggest having extra scrunchies or hair ties in your locker incase you forget. At my school, you have to tie your hair back and if you don't have a hair tie you have to use an actual rubber band. Ouch, rest in peace hair that is ripped out. That's just at my school, but have some just incase! Now, don't spend money on a tiny mirror for your locker, they should have full length mirrors in the locker room already.. Of course you are going to want to keep other things in your locker. Like perfume or spray, etcetera. But, don't over fill your locker. Make sure to try during all units, even if you're bad at them. It's still fun to do and it doesn't hurt to try. That way you get a good grade and have fun at the same time. That's all that is really needed for you to know in gym class. 
            <h7>Making New Friends>/h7>
                <p>I know that out of all these things, the most scary thing for me when making the transfer to middle school is making new friends. I didn't like how we had to combine with another school. It's all new faces and it was just super scary. No. no. no, you got it all wrong. Everyone is new there, everyone is scared too. It's okay, you are going to be fine. Making friends just comes naturally in middle school. And don't worry, you won't lose your friend group from elementary school either. <br> <br>
                    Actually, most of my friend group is from elementary school, with some people from the other school added on. When you go to classes, half the time you are assigned seats. So make friends with your neighbour. If you get to choose your seat, try finding a familiar face. Whether is be someone you already know from elementary school or someone from your homeroom. That way the two of you can make new friends together. <br> <br>
                There is always going to be someone who is need of a friend or person to talk to. So why not be that person? I mean, chances are you are looking for a friend too. Why not be friends with that person? That way you have already helped someone and made a new friend! What's that saying? Kill two birds with one stone. Making new friends only gets easier as the years go on. So, I say learn from the past and make the futue the best it can possibly be!</p>
                <h8>New Teachers</h8>
                <p>Having new teachers is always a scary thing. This will neer change (well unless you have the same teachers), but receiving new teachers is always scary. You never know how they teach and what rules they hae. Some are more strict than others. It all comes down to what kind of teacher you have. <br> <br>
                I suggest on the first day, to sit anywhere you feel comfortable and listen to your teacher. Do not interrupt or speak without permission. Make sure to listen carefully to their set rules. But, make sure you're not too quiet. If they ask a question and you know the answer, don't forget to raise your hand and answer the question. Also, if you need any help then raise your hand and as for assistence on what you need help with. Advice on having new teacher is fairly simple. Just listen up and follow your teacher's directions. That's all there is that you need to know. 
                </p>
    </body>
</html>
